Disable console logging for production (#685)
eclipse/che-che4z-lsp-for-cobol: CONTRIBUTING.md

```$ cd clients/cobol-lsp-vscode-extension && npm install && npm run compile```

> To enable debug logging to the console, while you run the Java part in IDE change your run configuration. 
> Add `-Dlogback.configurationFile=server/localDev/logback.xml` to your `VM options` parameter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to change the run configuration in your IDE to enable logging to the console while debugging the Java part. 
Add `-Dlogback.configurationFile=server/localDev/logback.xml` to your `VM options` parameter. 
```
